the biggest social media opportunity
that you aren't leveraging how often do
you log into LinkedIn well I bet you
it's not enough LinkedIn has over 830
million users in over 200 countries if
you're trying to Market in the B2B world
you have to use LinkedIn it's the
biggest social network out there that
just focuses on B2B and even if you're
in the b2c realm you can still promote
there as well because keep in mind
people on LinkedIn are also consumers
now out of those 830 million users only
3 million share content according to
kinsta
that really is a tiny ratio that's less
than one percent to give you a
comparison Instagram has roughly 1.2
billion users out of those 1.21 billion
users
roughly 87 are creating content
according to trulis can you see the
issue here LinkedIn has a ton of users
but way less engagement LinkedIn has
tons of users but less than one percent
create content while other social
networks have much more content because
their users are much more active when it
comes to creating content but here's
what you don't realize on Instagram Tick
Tock Facebook and most social networks
when you create content it's hard to get
all your followers to see your content
why is that it's because you're
competing with a lot of other content
producers so the algorithms can pick and
choose what they show people because
they're being flooded with content but
with LinkedIn not really they don't have
the luxury to be as picky about what
content they showcase they just need
more of it so whatever they get they're
happy with it and they just accept it
now that doesn't mean every piece of
content that you post is going to go
viral it just means you have a higher
likelihood of it spreading and getting
more people to see it and of course if
the cotton is good it'll be easier to go
viral on LinkedIn so how do you do well
on LinkedIn with your content first off
write stories whether you're just giving
tips or just sharing experiences stories
do well on LinkedIn here's an example
from my friend Brian Dean he talks about
a marketing tactic but he doesn't link
out to any site or anything like that he
just breaks down what you need to know
on LinkedIn and people love that as well
as LinkedIn loves it because they want
to keep people on the platform versus
taking them off to another site second I
want you to upload videos YouTube
Facebook Instagram and Tech talk they
all love video content but so does
LinkedIn the issue is most people don't
upload video content to it now of course
you can't use the same dancing meme type
of video that you do on Tick Tock but
that video that you post on LinkedIn
doesn't have to be professionally edited
or even professionally filmed the
content the message that you are trying
to convey across just needs to be
professional and educational versus
something that just contains humor I
like posting videos on LinkedIn at least
three times a week and make sure your
videos are less than 10 minutes long
here's an example of a video I posted on
LinkedIn it didn't go viral but it did
generate over 13 000 Impressions that
was just an average video too what's
funny is that same video generated less
engagement on the other social platforms
like Facebook and YouTube though I even
have 1 million followers on both those
channels third post carousels if you
aren't sure what carousels are check
this out it pretty much is multiple
images that convey a specific point for
example the one I showed you breaks out
five steps to becoming successful my
first tip is about starting a blog and
then I go into many more marketing tips
such as start an email list because
every dollar spent on email marketing
companies earn 42 on average I could
take that same Carousel save it as a PDF
and then upload it to LinkedIn it
creates the same effect you will get
lots of Engagement as LinkedIn users
love that type of content fourth promote
your own site from offers to blog
content talk about anything you're
selling don't feel ashamed to
self-promote if you don't promote you
won't generate any income even if it
doesn't get as much engagement as your
other content it's fine something's
better than nothing
last but not least cry LinkedIn as you
won't be able to spend as much as the
other platforms as they don't have as
big of a reach but if you can make your
ads profitable great use them for their
maximum potential I use them to promote
webinars it's great because I can run
super targeted ads to my exact customer
I'm targeting for example if my customer
is ideally a VP of marketing or a CMO I
can show ads just to those people now if
you need help with your LinkedIn
marketing or any social media marketing
check out my Ad Agency npdigital if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching